k8s compat - Openshift versions (#18307)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/compatibility.mdx

### Red Hat OpenShift

> Consul Kubernetes supports Red Hat OpenShift using the `global.openshift` stanza which must be set to `true` for support on OpenShift. Please see [Deploy Consul on RedHat OpenShift](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/tutorials/kubernetes/kubernetes-openshift-red-hat) for full instructions on deploying to OpenShift. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable support for Red Hat OpenShift by setting `enabled: true` in the `global.openshift` stanza. Refer to the [Deploy Consul on RedHat OpenShift tutorial](https://developer.hashicorp.com/consul/tutorials/kubernetes/kubernetes-openshift-red-hat) for instructions on deploying to OpenShift. 
```
Active voice
